Document reforms in YAML tests (#250)
openfisca/openfisca-doc: source/contribute/variables-naming.md

The discussion below is concerned with naming the variables of a country package. In that case, the ["local language rule"](language.md) applies, and the appropriate language for modeling the domain is one of the native ones of the modeled country. We consider each tax, collecting organism and country regulation, and so on, as a domain-specific term. In the same fashion, well-known abbreviations of these domain-specific terms are accepted.

> OpenFisca variables names should, as much as possible, be understandable by an external contributor who is **curious** about the country's tax and benefit system, **without necessarily being an expert**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenFisca's variable names should, as much as possible, be understandable by an external contributor who is **curious** about the country's tax and benefit system, **without necessarily being an expert**.
```
